welcome crafters and easily here and
welcome back the vehicle tutorial
Tuesday a bit of a specialized tutorial
today bugatti veyron but it needs to be
in the texture pack which you can
download in the description and it does
use a little bit of world at it so i do
apologize for that it's inside my not
cheese mansion if you haven't seen my le
not she's mansion series of building
this huge la manche and this is the
basement and this is a Bugatti Veyron
which sits in that basement anyway let's
get it built this design comes from
Mysterio link to his channel I think or
his blog enemy in the description and he
sent me this tutorial and really well he
click on the link you'll see he's set
out the entire build in little stages
and pictures I really do appreciate that
anyway it's the kind of my adapted
version of the estill on texture pack
and we're gonna build the car in 3
simple layers and here's the ingredients
so we're gonna need a button quartz
there's cobblestone stairs dark oak
stairs creepy noises black wool pumpkin
snow and this here got some heads and
thingy plates would you call them I
forgot item frames that's the ones loop
and the item frames and specialized
banners for a bit of trim detail on the
front of the car but more about that a
little bit later on so first of all
let's start with the fields and they're
gonna be pumpkins you know if you're
using a particular texture pack you
might as well use it to the extreme and
look at these speakers on side of the
pumpkins they become oops you've gotta
face your pumpkins the right way boom
boom they become the wheels not a great
idea Mysterio you are a car genius for
doing that so then we're going to move
on to some snow blocks and they go there
at the back of the car and then one more
quart see stairs or right here
here and in a couple of bits of
Blackpool boom boom boom boom doesn't
look very black in this - Japan but
nevermind then we have some stairs of
dark oak stairs there and Cobley stony
stairs right there a couple of bits of
black whoa boom boom and we are complete
nearly a couple of snow blocks missing
from the front and that is layer one
virtually done but you were screaming at
me to put that button on which I forgot
about so there's a tires and the bottom
layer okay so let me clear my inventory
because need to grab some slabs item
frames zombie heads and creeper heads so
yeah if you download the texture pack
let me know and if you build this car
let me know so on the back is it back
yeah on the back we have the creeper
head just like that
and on the front three more item frames
boom so just like the back it hits
quarter slabs on the side and a zombie
head at the front right now we need to
specialized banners so for the back
holding down control I can select these
banners and fool links in the
description on how to make these banners
you just gotta follow the recipe that
goes like that goes and that's the back
of the Bugatti how cool to build with
banners and never thought of doing that
with a car Mysterio did you are an
absolute genius thank you so much for
the clear pictures you're gonna click as
link guys because it just showed you
exactly how to build this car that one
definitely goes in the middle and that
one goes
the there and that one goes there how
amazing it looks like the front of a
bikini absolute genius absolute genius
right second row is very simple we've
got quarter see stairs slabs carpet and
Oh some snow which was some reason in my
server has a messed up very slightly
right where's my car
here's my car starting at the back we're
gonna go for four layers of snow one two
three four right at the back in the
middle and then a couple of layers of
snow either side one two and one two it
is simple you could follow this on the
pumpkins covering up the record player
one two three four one two three four
and then seven layers right in the
middle of one to seven using chakra pick
shooters and the estulin texture pack
which I have modified another layer of
seven here one two three six seven
another quartz stare right there and
then of course there right there we're
gonna go for slabs we're just there and
there so top slabs just there and bottom
slabs there and they're just in front
cool
now it just remains for me to grab my
black carpet and go one two three four
and we'll leave these bits completely
free and then we're nearly actually
finished now this is the bit that needs
a bit of world edit because what I want
to do
these change this grass in the carpet
now if you haven't got well that it may
need to just make these slabs of white
quartz otherwise gonna select this grass
I've got slash slash fast already typed
in and I want to do set 171 which oops
undo that I want to do slash slash
replace the grass with 171 that's gonna
replace all the grass blocks with 171
and 1/7 one here's the code for carpet
you could just type crap it yeah good
one nd carpet so there you go you got
your crap it's in the I mean your
carpets on the back of your car and I
missed out one like a doofus here we go
that should be carpet as well and that
is the bugatti veyron completely
finished sorry about that bit
disappearing sometimes happens when they
use worldedit
but let me come back into my server
slash pit time at 12 p.m.
boom they have mysteriously reappeared
and that is my baguette affair on
courtesy of Mysterio so thanks again
Mysterio amazing tutorial amazing
instructions check out his link and yeah
there we go
bugatti veyron another vehicle tutorial
next tuesday and it will have not a
specialized texture pack I don't think
and no world that it can't promise but
that's my plans thanks for watching take
care bye bye